Added variable interpolation and troubleshooting to LightningCLI doc (#11009)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: docs/source/common/lightning_cli.rst

    <https://jsonargparse.readthedocs.io/en/stable/#jsonargparse.core.ArgumentParser.link_arguments>`_.

> Variable interpolation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variable Interpolation
```

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The linking of arguments is intended for things which are meant to be non-configurable. This improves the CLI user
> experience since it avoids the need for providing more parameters. A related concept is
> variable interpolation which in contrast keeps things being configurable.
> 
> The yaml standard defines anchors and aliases which is a way reuse content in multiple places of the yaml. This is
> supported in the ``LightningCLI`` though it has limitations. Support for OmegaConf's more powerful `variable
> interpolation <https://omegaconf.readthedocs.io/en/2.1_branch/usage.html#variable-interpolation>`__ will be available
> out of the box if this package is installed. To install it run :code:`pip install omegaconf`. Then to enable the use
> of OmegaConf in a ``LightningCLI``, when instantiating a parameter needs to be given for the parser as follows:
> 
> .. testcode::
> 
>     cli = LightningCLI(MyModel, parser_kwargs={"parser_mode": "omegaconf"})
> 
> With the encoder-decoder example model above a possible yaml that uses variable interpolation could be the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The linking of arguments is intended for things that are meant to be non-configurable. This improves the CLI user
experience since it avoids the need for providing more parameters. A related concept is
variable interpolation which in contrast keeps things being configurable.

The YAML standard defines anchors and aliases which is a way to reuse the content in multiple places of the YAML. This is
supported in the ``LightningCLI`` though it has limitations. Support for OmegaConf's more powerful `variable
interpolation <https://omegaconf.readthedocs.io/en/2.1_branch/usage.html#variable-interpolation>`__ will be available
out of the box if this package is installed. To install it run :code:`pip install omegaconf`. Then to enable the use
of OmegaConf in a ``LightningCLI``, when instantiating a parameter needs to be given for the parser as follows:

.. testcode::

    cli = LightningCLI(MyModel, parser_kwargs={"parser_mode": "omegaconf"})

With the encoder-decoder example model above a possible YAML that uses variable interpolation could be the following:
```

        --gen_discriminator.init_args.lr=0.0001

Troubleshooting
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The standard behavior for CLIs when they fail is to terminate the process with a non-zero exit code and a short message
> to hint the user about the cause. This is problematic while developing the CLI since there is not information to track
> down the root of the problem. A simple change in the instantiation of the ``LightningCLI`` can be used such that when
> there is a failure an exception is raised and the full stack trace printed.
> 
> .. testcode::
> 
>     cli = LightningCLI(MyModel, parser_kwargs={"error_handler": None})
> 
> .. note::
> 
>     When asking about problems and reporting issues please set the ``error_handler`` to ``None`` and include the stack
>     trace in you description. With this it is more likely for people to help out identifying the cause without needing
>     to create a reproducible script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard behavior for CLIs, when they fail, is to terminate the process with a non-zero exit code and a short message
to hint the user about the cause. This is problematic while developing the CLI since there is no information to track
down the root of the problem. A simple change in the instantiation of the ``LightningCLI`` can be used such that when
there is a failure an exception is raised and the full stack trace printed.

.. testcode::

    cli = LightningCLI(MyModel, parser_kwargs={"error_handler": None})

.. note::

    When asking about problems and reporting issues please set the ``error_handler`` to ``None`` and include the stack
    trace in your description. With this, it is more likely for people to help out identifying the cause without needing
    to create a reproducible script.
```
